welcome to Dollywood can you believe
this is our 26th year we are so excited
to be here at the Owens family farm and
the modern storm standing right here
next to the ride and of course I know we
got a bunch of folks out there that are
my kin folks if anybody out there with a
drop Owens blood would you hold up your
hand or hoop holler bunch of partners
out there mixed with some Owens blood
too I'm sure
anyway my father's people were all ones'
and of course that's why we call this
the Owens farm
don't know what a Barnstormer is I know
something like you're young but some of
the older folks remember back in the
well you won't remember back that far
you've ever heard him talk about it back
in the 1920s and 30s when they used to
bring these old wooden planes around fly
back in these woods and under these
farms and they kind of drop down with
these farms and that either take the cut
your folks up for a ride or that set up
some sort of a blind surface anything to
make money in the entertain the old
folks back home as they say and we
thought this would be kind of fitting to
have a good ride so the ride is back
here behind us you don't get to really
ride this wooden plane but anyhow so
today y'all get to be the Daredevils
in my flying surface how's that sound to
you anyway this big ride is not an
airplane but it's gonna feel like it and
any airplane to me Spears me to death I
fly around on of it I never have learn
to like it and there's no way you'd ever
got me up on one of them even if it had
a lit them in a real up here on the
platform that's all we out there working
with Tuesday farmers co-op what does it
mean to you to see your family farming
roots going to come to live here and how
important is it that we share
agriculture story with fellow
well I'm very proud of all of my people
I'm very proud to be a country girl from
the farm or we actually grew all of our
food that we had specially in the very
early days we all kind of had it feels
and be responsible for all the things
that we do and I'd like to think that if
I had to do it again in one of my songs
like no amount of money could buy for me
the memories that I have I'm saying but
no amount of money could pay for you go
back to live through it again you know
it's like the hard times it's cut that's
always coming look at old days but I'd
like to think that we had a country girl
if I had to go back to it if things got
really bad that I wouldn't know how to
raise a guard how to live on a farm how
to kind of make do with what God gave us
not that I'm looking forward to it but
hopefully I could thanks that's it thank
you thank you
is it scary I know it's the fun ride and
I'll never get over it I don't ride the
rides because I'm always afraid that
I'll lose stuff you know like my hair my
shoes anyway but I never do write it and
the press always thinks it's funny
but I just won't do it because truly I
just don't like the rides and the spirit
or I am more it intrigues all the kids
and then they can't wait to get on it so
anyway I guess if we're ready to kind of
pull this knot I guess do we need to
have some sort of cranking it okay
give me a cool side
they gotta be